so here I am in the forest it's
absolutely beautiful out here
I've been walking for I think about 16
days now had to take a couple of days
off because I got an infection in my
foot and my grandson was born a couple
two and a half weeks early so I got to
leave me for it and drive to
Peterborough to see Jake William a few
hours after he was born what a thrill
that was the walk has been going
fantastic the scenery is beyond anything
I could imagine the Tobermory Wiarton
section was full of huge rocks with
climbing rocks we were scaling rocks at
some point some points we were on the
cliff looking way out over Georgian Bay
saw hawks and close to me and it sort of
made its noise which is really a rattle
it's more like a buzz and I jumped up
and got out of the way and then about
ten minutes later I saw another
rattlesnake so that was the big thrill
as I walk my mind is calming my body
seems to be standing taller my posture
has improved I'm I'm my body is working
at an optimum level I feel like I'm
clearing my mind getting ready for
something very special I know that the
correlation between walking and
creativity is something that needs more
exploration but it's absolutely
as I spend time out here in particular
in the forest the forest allows us to
look at nature and see how nature
balances everything out to observe the
colors in the in the ground I noticed
that I was wearing a lime green like
fluorescent rain jacket and I never
noticed before that there is moss that
is lime green and it's almost
fluorescent so the colors that we wear
this top here is the color of the water
in Georgian Bay and I started to notice
that the correlation between our world
and the world nature
I love how nature balances things out
like for example in Ted Andrews both
nature speaks he talks about how you
know two birds say the piggys is the
Robin and the Blackbird or something and
he says you know a Robin would never go
to a block bird's nest and say to that
bird hey you're not feeding your your
babies right you should change your food
or the way that you built your house
isn't doesn't doesn't work in this
forest you should change it and do it my
way and in nature
that happens all the time and if
everyone seems to coexist in that
environment all the animals the plant
life and yet back at home we have a
tendency to want to start to all be the
same to address the same Western culture
as seen
some status all over the world and
really is it cultures and the way that
we can do that is through art and
allowing artists fully express and
explore what it is that they have to say
about their world in our world and our
surroundings one creative idea could
change the world on this walk vision one
walk I've been walking in support of
artists all over the world I'm walking
to demonstrate what I believe in and how
important it is I've walked four hundred
and twenty five kilometres it hasn't
been easy but I've enjoyed every single
moment of it I encourage you to go out
and take a walk walk every day if you
can allow your mind to be more creative
and please consider looking at vision
one walk and sponsoring this particular
cause our idea is to coordinate walks
for artists and get the walks supported
through grants and sponsorship and in
different ways and actually pay artists
we might pay them in money we might pay
them in food we might pay them a
mentorship in equipment and supplies
could be a variety of different ways but
the idea is to support these artists who
are out there sharing and contributing
to our world in a great way vision one
walk is on IndieGoGo if you go to
indiegogo.com slash vision one walk
you'll see campaign Murray Ostrovsky has
been instrumental in updating that
particular profile as well as Facebook
and Twitter she's back at home and she's
been an incredible support to me while
I'm out here walking on the path so
please think about donating even if it's
ten dollars every penny
pounds and share this campaign with
anyone you know we have until October
15th before the campaign ends our goal
is to raise eight thousand dollars it's
not a lot of money but it's enough to
give us the seed money to get this
project off the ground my name is sue
Kenny and behind I'm a pilgrim an artist
a writer and and I believe in the
correlation between walking and
creativity thank you for being a part of
this very special journey
you